Some Rights Reserved

Copyright (c) 2021 Chris Roberts

1. Definitions
- 'The License' refers to this license text.

- 'The Software' or 'THE SOFTWARE' refers to any software or other files
associated with the License, including, but not limited to: executable files,
data files intended for use with executable files, documentation files, source
code, images, audio, and project settings and meta-data files. 'The Software'
does NOT include configuration files or saved data files generated by the
Software.

- 'The Media' refers to images and audio files included in the Software, as well
as images, audio, or video showing executable parts of the Software running.
'The Media' also includes intellectual property including but not limited to
fictional characters or situations depicted in the Software.

- 'The User' refers to any person or organization (other than video game
retailers or distribution services) obtaining a copy of the Software, or
obtaining any part of the Software.

- 'Mods' refers to software or files created by the User for modifying the
Software.


2. Outline
The License details the permissions, conditions and limitations granted to the
User upon obtaining a copy of the Software or any of its parts. The License
applies to the User free of charge and without express permission from the User
or the copyright holders.

The License also details rights reserved by the copyright holders.


3. Permissions
- The User may produce and distribute, including for commercial use,
transformative non-videogame media (such as video, audio and images) based on
the Media.

- The User may produce and distribute Mods.

- The User may produce and distribute interactive media (such as video games)
based on the Media.


4. Conditions
- Any media produced by the User based on the Media, other than Mods, should
indicate that parts of it originate from the Software.

- Mods or media produced by the User based on the Media must not suggest that
they are endorsed in any way by the copyright holders.

- The User must not distribute Mods or interactive media based on the Media
commercially.

- The User must not distribute Mods or interactive media based on the Media that
contain significant portions of the Software.


5. Limitations
- The User must not distribute the Software to any other person or organization,
including modified copies of the Software.

- The User must not produce or distribute physical items (such as clothing,
posters, and board games) based on the Media, other than for private,
non-commercial use.


6. Reserved Rights
- Sources for obtaining the Software or parts of the Software may be made
unavailable at any time by the copyright holders.

- The copyright holders may distribute versions the Software commercially.

- Any permissions not explicitly given to the User may be reserved by the
copyright holders.


7. Disclaimer
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
